INSTALLATION

You need the source OCaml 4.01 distribution, which you can download from
    http://caml.inria.fr/download.en.html
See also
    http://ocaml.org/install.html

1. Download, un-tar the OCaml distribution and configure it as described
   in its INSTALL file

   For example, in the OCaml distribution directory, do

    ./configure -prefix `pwd` -no-pthread -no-tk

  You may chose any other installation prefix. It is best however
  to chose the prefix different from that of the standard OCaml installation,
  so to keep the existing OCaml installation intact.

1a. Update the Makefile in the ber-metaocaml directory

    change CAMLROOT= at the beginning of the ber-metaocaml/Makefile
    to point to the OCaml distribution directory 

2. Patch the OCaml distribution

   In the ber-metaocaml directory, do

   make patch


3. Compile and install OCaml as usual. For example, in the OCaml 
   distribution directory, do

    make world
    make -i install


4. Build the BER MetaOCaml library, the top-level, and the
   compilation script

   In the ber-metaocaml directory, do

    make all
    make install

  The BER MetaOCaml top-level can be started afterwards as
    $prefix/bin/metaocaml 

  The batch compiler can be run using the command file metaocamlc. 

5. Optionally run sample tests
   
   In the ber-metaocaml directory, do

   make test
   make test-compile


Installation of BER MetaOCaml on Windows has not been tested. Original
MetaOCaml contained the following note about the Windows platform:

      To use MetaOCaml under MS Windows, please do not use "Windows
      OCaml".  Rather, use the standard OCaml system under cygwin.  If you
      happened to install the "Windows OCaml" in the past, manually remove
      some environment variables before you can install the standard system
      successfully.  To do that, goto START -> Control Panel -> System ->
      Advanced -> Environment variables, and edit the OCAMLLIB variable and
      remove any entries in that entry.
